README.md, before:

# Scrape API

A professional collection of high-performance Node.js scrapers and APIs for various platforms.
Maintained by **Yemobyte**.

## 🚀 Active Scrapers

| Platform | Endpoint/Description | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **XNXX** | `/xnxx` - Adult video streaming & search | ✅ Active |
| **X (Twitter)** | `/x` - Video & media downloader | ✅ Active |
| **Terabox** | `/terabox` - File & video downloader | ✅ Active |
| **Otakudesu** | `/otakudesu` - Anime streaming | ✅ Active |
| **Anichin** | `/anichin` - Donghua streaming | ✅ Active |
| **AnimeDao** | `/animedao` - Anime streaming | ✅ Active |
| **SSSTik** | `/ssstik` - TikTok without watermark | ✅ Active |
| **Mega** | `/mega` - File metadata & download | ✅ Active |
| **Mediafire** | `/mediafire` - File download links | ✅ Active |
| **SSWeb** | `/ssweb` - General social media tools | ✅ Active |

## 🛠️ Installation & Usage

Each scraper is a standalone Node.js module. To use one:

1. Navigate to the scraper directory:
   ```bash
   cd xnxx
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the server:
   ```bash
   node index.js
   ```

## 📝 License
This project is open-source and available under the standard license.
Created with ❤️ by **Yemobyte**.

Commit message:

Update README: Remove installation guide, add request issue link

README.md, after:

# Scrape API

A professional collection of high-performance Node.js scrapers and APIs for various platforms.
Maintained by **Yemobyte**.

## 🚀 Active Scrapers

| Platform | Endpoint/Description | Status |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **XNXX** | `/xnxx` - Adult video streaming & search | ✅ Active |
| **X (Twitter)** | `/x` - Video & media downloader | ✅ Active |
| **Terabox** | `/terabox` - File & video downloader | ✅ Active |
| **Otakudesu** | `/otakudesu` - Anime streaming | ✅ Active |
| **Anichin** | `/anichin` - Donghua streaming | ✅ Active |
| **AnimeDao** | `/animedao` - Anime streaming | ✅ Active |
| **SSSTik** | `/ssstik` - TikTok without watermark | ✅ Active |
| **Mega** | `/mega` - File metadata & download | ✅ Active |
| **Mediafire** | `/mediafire` - File download links | ✅ Active |
| **SSWeb** | `/ssweb` - General social media tools | ✅ Active |

## 💡 Request a Scraper

Have a specific site you want scraped?
[**Open an Issue**](https://github.com/yemobyte/scrape/issues) to request it!

## 📝 License
This project is open-source and available under the standard license.
Created with ❤️ by **Yemobyte**.
